Задание 3-9. Вы услышите интервью. В заданиях 3-9 запишите в поле ответа цифру 1, 2 или 3, соответствующую выбранному вами варианту ответа. Вы услышите запись дважды. У вас есть 50 секунд, чтобы ознакомиться с заданиями. Now we are ready to start.

Hello everybody, and here we are with our weekly program, 5 Minutes with a Star. Today in our studio, we are lucky to have Brenda Black, a world-famous actress. Having started with supporting roles in comedies, Brenda is now one of the most influential people in the world, according to Time magazine. Good afternoon, Brenda.

Good afternoon. Thank you for inviting me. It's a pleasure being here. As I have already mentioned, you started your artistic career with comedies about teenagers. Are these roles still important to you? Oh yes, they are, because they reflect my personal coming-of-age story. Such stories are always important. It's an ever-changing, lifelong process to continue to break away from the shackles that bind us.

We are born with a connection to our family, being brought up in a certain way, a certain community that we live in, and a certain part of the world that we live in. It takes our sense of curiosity to continue to push forward and break away from those things. I wouldn't be on the path that I am with the career that I've had if I didn't have a deep understanding of the sense of my inner freedom. Does acting require making yourself vulnerable?

Yes, it does. Plus, you have to allow yourself to be that vulnerable in front of so many people. You gain a sense of freedom and understanding and forgiveness for being human. You realize how difficult being an adult can be. Instead of trying to control things and make it the way you want them, you have to be more open to what it is. Does it mean that actors don't need to be in control?

In fact, it's very rare when actors are in control of everything. Sure, I can learn my lines. I can know my character really well. But there are so many factors going on throughout the day. There are weather issues. There are technical issues. Any number of things can happen during the day. And the actor's job is at the mercy of everybody else. Of the focus puller. That the lighting is right.

that the camera is turned on, that everybody is having a good attitude and moving quickly. Do you ever regret becoming an actress?

I still have moments of doubts, and I still get scared, and I still wish sometimes that I was back at home with my parents, and they were making lunch, and I would go to school, and life was simpler, but there is no going back to that reality. Still, I'm happy to be what I am. There's so much to be gained from adulthood. Feelings just become so much deeper. What do you think is the most important thing people should remember?

I think that people must not forget that it's both hard and exciting to be a human being. We have to choose every day to be active participants. To wake up in the morning and choose this life and make something of it is an incredible thing. Not many living creatures have that option. We have so many opportunities and options. It's a huge burden, but it's also the most freeing part of our lives. Did acting help you find your way?

Most people have just been themselves their entire lives. I've had to be so many different types of people and learn to see the world from many different angles. I've had the rare experience of living life as many different people. I get in touch with many different things that are so surprising that I didn't know about until I started seeing the world through different eyes. Acting changes me every day. I discover myself anew every day.

Thank you very much, Brenda. It has been very interesting talking to you. Thank you. You have 15 seconds to complete the task. Now you will hear the text again.
